we're three weeks away not only from the
end of the year but from the end of the
decade and I think we can all agree that
this is a very stupid time to be alive
so we decided to have some fun with that
this afternoon we went on the street we
asked people walking by about a bunch of
current events we made up these are news
items that did not occur in 2019 or ever
for that matter but did that stop people
from weighing in on them let's find out
in this year that was an edition of why
witness news we're talking about the
biggest news stories of 2019 North and
South Korea were finally United was that
a big moment of happiness for you oh you
know actually watch that live and uh
yeah it was a good thing to see you you
know Donald Trump kind of going there
and making peace that was a good thing i
watch it on TV and uh I watched North
Korea in South Korea I believe they went
somewhere in the kind of met and they
did that peaceful thing and yeah it was
a really good thing you remember when
the government shut down because the
president couldn't get a McRib yeah back
in January way earlier in the year yeah
where were you when you heard I was at
work I work at a natural gas company so
it's very conservative so I'm very aware
of when that kind of stuff happens tell
me about when Kellyanne came in with a
bucket of mcribs and said now the
government may reopen were you shocked
how many mcribs did she have in that
bucket 40 yeah and then Kanye West story
were you surprised when he came on stage
at the climate March and grabbed the mic
from Greta Thune Berg oh absolutely not
I mean he's known for that type stuff so
no I was not shocked about that at all
what was looking credit through Berg's
face when Kanye West did that oh my god
she was in shock I mean I would have to
say reaction what did you think when you
saw Bill Cosby's comeback Comedy Tour
you know he looks good for his age not
gonna lie he does look good for his age
that's for sure you were a little proud
of him
you know it's it's tough to say that I'm
proud of Bill Cosby but you know I guess
everybody does their own thing so why
did President Trump pardon mili but not
Vanilli instead of different with Mitch
and I believe here's one is black when
he's right I believe Nathan Lane stepped
into the role of James Bond for the
first time did you think it was a good
bet oh absolutely he's handsome he fits
the character perfectly what did you
think when you saw the first preview
from Nathan Landis James Bond were you
excited I was excited I couldn't wait to
see you to see the movie were you
outraged or encouraged when Trump made
friendship bracelets with the Taliban a
Camp David
as I don't agree with it I was kind of
outraged about it because it's like I
just don't agree with a lot of things
that he does so that was one of the
things that kind of pissed me off
where did you see this story the first
time all right I don't remember exactly
it's cuz honestly like I live with my
sugar daddy so he's the one that's
always ranting about trying and he's
always like Trump did that blah blah
blah
what's your sugar daddy's name Dean
Butterfield his funeral was this year
how did you feel about Billy Eilish
performing bad guy did it feel like a
stunt no not at all you know a bad guy I
mean he's a bad guy George Bush you know
imagine what he did to this economy it
freaking sucks you know I mean and now
with the way stuff is going it's like
you know I don't know I think Billy is
did a good job by by performing bad guy
I love that song yeah you wouldn't lie I
don't I mean I'm like Abraham Lincoln I
don't tell I never saw alive ever ever
I'm 100 all day every day every night to
the day I die
[Music]
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season
buy my new book the serious goose I
wrote it and drew it all the money I
make goes to children's hospitals across
the country and if you don't support
that
you are a box